Chat gpt request: suggest ways I could expand/better my conclusion and introduction paragraphs


In his article, Dennett draws a comparison between counterfeit currency and counterfeit online personas. Dennett uses this comparison to warn about the societal ramifications of counterfeit online personas and recommends deterring the misuse of AI. To accomplish this, Dennett advocates for enabling watermarks that distinguish AI-generated content and a host of legal penalties for malicious use of AI. I find his solution to be largely misguided and impractical; potentially hindering innovation and overlooking the misbehavior of global actors. 
One issue with Dennett’s proposed solution is that the circumvention of the watermark system is “exceedingly difficult and costly to overpower” and seemingly “not worth the effort.” Thinking back to Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, they launched a concerted effort to influence the election using a dedicated team and over a million-dollar monthly budget. Given the political salience of fake online personas, the notion that bad actors, such as China and Russia, would not put effort into working around these measures is difficult to believe. There are countless examples of China and Russia not complying with international norms, notably Chinese intellectual property theft and a myriad of hacking attempts launched by Russia (not to mention other countries like North Korea or Iran). Furthermore, Dennett suggests extreme legal penalties for companies that allow misuse. Still, I find it unlikely that native Chinese or Russian AI companies would uphold these standards or regulate companies similarly. 
I also see companies arguing that Dennett's proposed legal penalties could stifle innovation within AI enterprises and hinder new applications of AI from commercial companies. As Dennett points out, these systems are self-evolving (perhaps in an unpredictable way to the AI companies), and the attention given to preventing the potential new means of creating counterfeit personas may prove cumbersome. This could significantly delay the growth and progress of new AI developments from companies that are already operating on thin margins, adding the looming threat of unpredictable legal fines. This could also foreseeably erect compliance barriers to new enterprises trying to enter the market, weakening competition. Within the commercial context of AI, I can also imagine edge cases that are ambiguous with Dennett's proposed laws, such as using AI to replace customer support staff.
I also think that, more generally, punishing companies for misuse of what happens on their platforms is an incorrect approach. This is a slippery slope where many companies could be unfairly held liable for actions occurring on their platforms that they may not have oversight of or are still developing regulations against. Historically, pressure from the public and regulators has led to more effective security measures/content filtration from companies. Instead, holding the individual perpetrators accountable is better directed. 
I argue that costly and cumbersome laws that could be rendered (almost wholly) useless by bad actors like China and Russia are an incomplete approach. Instead, the issue of counterfeit online personas requires a two-pronged approach: deterrence must be accompanied by educational measures that better inform users of all ages about AI and what is not. Measures informing users on detecting AI content should be integrated into social media platforms prone to proliferate bot content. 
I think a relevant parallel to draw here is early internet fraud. Massive fines were not threatened against email providers for allowing Nigerian prince scams. Instead, pressure from the public and regulators led to the creation of spam filters, etc. Law and agencies were developed to target the perpetrators of these scams. These measures were also complemented by alerts from the FTC and online campaigns from nonprofits to raise awareness about phishing scams, etc. Internet fraud also precipitated developments in multi-factor authentication and other user-side protectionary measures. 
I will caveat here that this is not to paint a rosy picture of how effective protectionary measures against internet fraud are since internet fraud has increased depending on which measures you go by. However, it does have some pertinent corollaries that provide a valuable background to evaluate Dennett’s argument against. It has become evident that most internet fraud is committed outside the United States, where nefarious actors are less deterred by regulatory measures. Moreover, internet fraud has evolved past emails to take on text messages, phone calls, and other internet forums/websites/etc. Slapping heavy legal fees on all the platforms where internet fraud occurs would unfairly penalize those not directly responsible. Instead, I see the correct approach as targeting perpetrators, complemented by increased user-side protection measures and educational/awareness efforts. 
While Dennett convincingly illustrates the problem of counterfeit people, I see his solution as overly-ambitious and misguided. Drawing insight from behavior of actors like China and Russia and past examples of internet fraud allows us to see the shortcomings of punitive measures aimed at ambivalent actors. Moreover, Dennett’s solution could pose negative externalities to innovation in tech along with AI startups. A more effective and balanced approach to counterfeit people is better protecting/educating users. 
